okay I think we're good go ahead yeah so
I don't have any community of this for
myself Terry you weren't gonna sure so
we have before I do my updates will just
point out now that we're on the
recording we have new people on the call
today which is really awesome we have
been who works at Apple and we have
Jessica who just joined protocol labs
this is very awesome and we have our or
a longtime participant Stan shields he
runs the protocol chapter in Denver and
Portia and I and Michael and then ipfs
community team so it's awesome to see
more faces today and there's a link if
anybody hasn't found it yet in the chat
here to get to the agenda and meeting
notes so you can pop your name in the
list of attendees there we usually use
start github handles if you have one um
so yeah updates on my end mostly related
to proto school so we have two new
chapters as of this morning in I will
butcher this haengju China and Taipei
Taiwan which is awesome and a couple
more kind of in the works and I've
published a proto school roadmap and q2
ok ours I think I might have given folks
on this call kind of a sneak preview as
I was starting in that process but you
can go thirds you can follow the links
in the agenda to go see those in more
detail and I also went a couple of weeks
ago to listen with the ipfs GUI team
they're going to be helping if I already
started helping with a lot of protocol
stuff in q2 and part of that is because
we want to try to add a lot more content
before ipfs camp that happens in late
June and we need some UX improvements to
make it easier for people to add new
tutorials a lot of those will be
authored by other people around protocol
labs as they're getting ready for the
content for the camp so I've had a lot
of help from Diogo lately to make some
UX improvement so a couple of the things
that are now happening
let me somewhere here I have this night
open share my screen for one second
so if anyone hasn't seen proto school
before this is it this is the site that
offers interactive tutorials and what's
new here that's already emerged is that
we now have landing so before we could
see a list of all of these but if you
were to click this link it would just go
to the first drop you right into the
first lesson because we didn't have this
concept of a landing page within the
tutorial and Diego has made it so we now
have like that same format but
structured in itself component so you
can get a little more oriented and
that's gonna be great for social sharing
so if you wanted to share the link
specifically to this whole tutorial you
could use this URL to do it and that's
very exciting name-o this is this is a
minor a minor accomplishment but I think
it will really help us we try to promote
our work is we also now have working
social cards thanks to some new metadata
so at the moment because this is an SP a
we can't really distinguish between the
tutorials and give them their own meta
tags that's something hopefully we'll be
able to figure out how to do in the
future so at the moment the card is the
same regardless of what specific link
you're pointing to but sharing that
specifically would get the user to that
tutorial so we've made it a little
easier to share and that the improvement
that you see here is just part of a much
bigger restructure under the hood that
makes it a lot easier when you're adding
a new tutorial to not have to change the
code in as many different places to kind
of generate lists of tutorials like this
more automatically so you're not going
in and typing a bunch of information all
over the place so do those done a lot of
awesome work here and then the I don't
know if I'm really on the right branch
for this or not but we can't find out
yeah so the other piece that I'm working
on is a tutorial on that on working with
files in proto school so let me fix the
view here okay I'm working on a tutorial
on working with files as opposed to dag
objects and stuff like that
um and I've narrowed the scope since the
last time I was on this call so we're
really focusing specifically on em FS
the mutable filesystem now with that
lesson we were going to do a tutorial on
the nan em FS commands first using files
and then um FS though we're refocusing
in part because blobs are not quite yet
supported with those nan em FS commands
although that's in progress and in part
from a perspective from a few folks that
M FS is kind of the easier version to
learn and then thinking of even though
it's a little less accurate for what's
happening under the hood about teaching
that first that's simpler it looks like
commands you use on your command line
and then later considering it more
advanced to do the other stuff so I've
worked on lessons so far on your file
it's not write an LS and make derp and
then continuing on from there and as
part of that project
diogo is looking at ways that we could
change our validation right now when you
hit submit and submit your code first
it's going through either like syntax
error that we think is coming from the
mónaco editor or it's getting some
messages sent back when you do something
that might be FS that you're not doing
right i PF s gives you errors back so
it's printing those first if they exist
and it's not actually evaluating your
code for the things we're trying to
check for so if you've seen how we can
kind of change the setup so that we
could replace ipfs error messages that
are auto-generating but aren't super
useful for our use case and replace them
with ones that we're specifically making
for each lesson so he's working on that
um so a lot of what I have coming up is
just improving that files tutorial which
is the next one we want to get out the
door also I've been working on an
offline camp for those
I've heard of it before it's a tech
retreat for the offline first community
so people who are interested in making
apps work offline or in low bandwidth
conditions this is not specific to
decentralized although there are a lot
of people with who cross over from the
decentralized community and are also
interested in that use case and so we
have a teaser on Twitter right now which
has our dates I'll get second tiffith
and we hopefully will be launching next
week in opening the application process
so stay tuned if you're interested in
that and then I also dropped into the
notes here some information on ipfs camp
in case we haven't officially announced
that on this call so ipfs camp first
ever will happen June 27th to 30th in
Barcelona so its workshops hacking
collaboration tool both give you an
opportunity to kind of get up to speed
on what IP FS lets you do but also kind
of shape the direction of the project
think about the products problems we
need to solve proposed ways to solve
them so a lot of really collaborative
work will happen there as I mentioned we
hope to have some new protocol content
for some of the workshops there and
applications for that close April 25th
and the space is limited so if you're
interested in applying you can follow
the link here and do be really detailed
about the kinds of work that you're
doing on the project there's a selection
committee that's reviewing those
applications and part of the goal is
that people who go to ipfs camp are
going to be more enabled to help the
community grow in the regions they're
from so if you happen to be someone
who's leaving a proto school chapter or
a nice PFS meetup and working on
community building already that is
something to mention in your application
I think that is it for me you're still a
muted pusher
okay now you can hear me I don't have
too many updates um but what I will say
is we're seriously thinking about oops
as you can see I've just broken my key
part of my keyboard so give me a moment
there we go so for q2 we're seriously
think so QT we're going to start this
overhaul of docks we have an issue I
wrote some different questions that we
have about the documentation and some
research so before we actually begin
starting this like if you could just
look over on some of the resources that
we have we have any input that would be
great and I would say that would be like
the meat on one of my updates and that's
it
so just take a look at issue three six
or something and will definitely
appreciate it thanks it's the right one
also in the chat Terry I sent a link to
a plug-in and view that could help us
get the right metadata on different
pages for those cards however it
probably still won't work until we do
that home move to dice that we have like
four rolls yeah I'm assuming that's
dependent on some of the other plans but
I'll copy that out and paste it yeah
even once we have full URLs though we
would need to do something like this in
order to get the right data right
exactly yeah cool all right well that's
uh let's check in with some of the
community folks I'm gonna start from
just like my top so it has been at first
been hey y'all I just jumped in I'm
because of my employer I'm gonna I'd
love to start getting some contributing
I love the ipfs community I'm looking to
start contributing some may be able to
even start a chapter on the East Coast
at some point Porsha I'll I'll follow up
with you on this because it'll be cool
but yeah I'm just starting to get my
feet wet and it's rad it's it's good
good to see y'all nice to meet folks
that I haven't haven't met yet and good
to see folks that I haven't seen for a
while Michael you're on mute still yeah
continuing down it's Jim is next in my
list not too much happening here but uh
just trying to keep tabs on things and
sort of thinking forward towards ipfs
camp and I'm gonna be giving in helping
develop one of the courses there so I
like to see how it all fits together
probably course will probably revolve
around you know how to develop apps they
work with IP fest but I still had to
find what we're actually going to teach
so I wanted to be in sync with protocol
obviously very cool
and then Jessica Jessica do you have any
update or anything or hi by the way
oh now Michaels frozen for me exciting
time yeah for me too and if Jessica's
talking to that she's on yet fun times
dan do you have any updates if you can
still talk sure
so really great to see some new people
have been gone for a few so it's good to
be back and some exciting news on my end
is I have a pretty good amount of
momentum here in the local community to
build out it's a really interesting ipfs
based project which I'll definitely be
updating you guys more on but we're
actively seeking some funding to help
support us all but I think right now
we've got a ragtag team of like five to
ten and there's been increasing interest
in general and decentralized systems
ipfs and that are kind of hot topics in
the community right now which is pretty
exciting to see so and then I'm very
excited to see ipfs can't come about I
definitely be puttin my hat in the ring
to try and get out there to learn more
and to get more involved and along with
that I you know I have not been
following the exact tutorial
developments it's really cool to see
what you guys have been up to in the
backend but in terms of the actual
tutorials themselves I'd love to be able
to help write some of that as well so is
there an outline of where we can start
potentially contributing something there
sorry finding my unmute button so the
one that's in progress right now that is
the thing we're definitely working on is
this file upload one that I'm looking at
so we could check in on that if you want
to do any work on that you happy to have
you involved and beyond that I think the
next real priority is going to be
looking at the content that's needed for
ipfs camp so I can let you know when we
get closer to that I think a lot of the
proposals that have been made for
tutorials beyond that so in the issues
for photo school if you click on like
the new tutorials tag you can see what's
been proposed a lot of those right now
those proposals don't fit within the
guidelines for where we're starting with
proto school so for example and you can
see this and kind of the guiding
principles in the roadmap we want to be
really beginner-friendly try not to
build advanced content without building
intermediate content that gets us there
and that means that for the moment we're
sticking to for example JSI PFS in the
web browser to do those tutorials right
they're not in command line stuff for
example so there are a lot of proposals
that are going to be more in the future
as we get suggestions and for ipfs camp
and we start working on that content we
may get a better sense of like what
other supplementary stuff we need to
fill in that gap so I'll keep people
updated as we figure out kind of what
are than what are the things coming next
but if you want to help with any of the
file upload stuff you and I can connect
on that PR that's in progress and then
feel free everyone should feel free to
keep proposing new tutorials and that
like the blocker between you proposing
this tutorial and you building a
tutorial is this process of thinking
through where it fits in the curriculum
and making sure that we're doing things
in the right order
it's a helpful bit yeah that helps a lot
I also see in the chat that Jessica
coming out to Boulder pretty soon is
that right
slightly different stuff I'm like brand
new so my goal discrete just to sit in
on like every meeting I possibly can
just for context but it's awesome to
hear that there's so much of a community
in the Front Range so I definitely want
to stay with in on that yeah you could
definitely come and join the troop out
here
it's pon3 awesome yeah let's keep
chatting perfect
so Jessica we couldn't hear you earlier
if you were talking to us was there
anything you wanted to chat about on
that community I had like I said I'm
just trying to get as much context as I
can so I'm like gate-crashing everybody
these meetings thanks for let me so but
I really have like virtually nothing of
any value at this moment so no problem
lurkers or lurkers are very common and
very welcome that's project so I will
just mention one thing in case anyone is
new to ipfs in general and hasn't seen
this distinction there are two calls
that are kind of confused with each
other often so this call is about
building the ipfs community so efforts
like proto school that are meant to
specifically grow the community there is
another call that happens on Mondays
which you can also find on the ipfs
calendar that i think is called ipfs
weekly call at the moment and that's one
that Berkshire runs which that's Michael
Thea do you want to tell us yeah yeah so
the IPSS weekly call is more of it's
like a lightning talk every Monday where
people within the community who are
actually using ipfs and live p2p like in
production or in their projects can show
how they're using IP FS like what things
they like about it or what are some of
the challenges they're facing
it's a great conversation to see how
ipfs is in action in terms of how it's
used in the broader community and it's
great and I would say the community call
is Terri would you like to say more
about the community call yeah I mean
this one is is as I said about growing
the community so projects your
to build a community and that would
include like running ipfs meetups or
proto school chapters or building cool
new tools that will help people
understand the technology increasing
education all of that kind of stuff and
so everyone is welcome of course on both
calls but they just serve slightly
different purposes and the called Porsha
was telling us about on Mondays I love
getting to see like in practice what
people are building with ipfs regardless
of what that product is then used for
which might not be community building
but it's people from the community
showing us the kinds of things very
little you of the project so both of
those calls are are great in different
ways so just want to highlight that that
one exists anything else people wanted
to chat about pushes the other one
that's a like I guess 1600 you see I
[Music]
actually paused because I have been
having some time I will admit this in a
recording I thought until very recently
that UTC actually had like daylight
savings time and I figured found out the
hard way that is not true so I'm still
like getting used to the different time
zones yeah I'm ready founder clock
widget that puts UTC in my menu bar next
to real time all the time and and now I
feel a lot better about life yeah
portion I have found a lot of very
confusing conversations lately about
time zones and they were already
confusing enough and we were both going
on the wrong assumption about UTC just
equally one of the European time zones
which turns out not to have been true so
it's been exciting to hear we we also
like do actually adjust the meetings
when DST happens so it's not like we
keep doing consistent and like I've
actually had meetings like bounce around
like two or three times as different
countries come into UCC so that we can
keep everybody aligned like it's
particularly difficult now on IP LD
because we have people in Europe and me
and somebody in Australia and so just
like there's literally like an hour
where everybody is awake and and then
that our moves
DST in both Europe and agnostic so it's
really big
Jessica just post it if anybody wants
the Mac OS app to have their clock copy
it out of the chat before we thing up
here all right anything else to roll one
shot
you
we appear to be done jessica says thumbs
up to saying goodbye six on my claw -
okay I was rounding down nice meeting
you
nice meeting you too